#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via openedx-events
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   eox-core
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   eox-core
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via edx-toggles
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==4.2.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   eox-core
    #   event-tracking
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
django-filter==23.5
    # via eox-core
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via edx-proctoring
django-model-utils==4.5.1
    # via
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
django-oauth-toolkit==2.4.0
    # via eox-core
django-oauth2-provider==0.2.6.1
    # via eox-core
django-simple-history==3.7.0
    # via edx-proctoring
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
    #   eox-core
django-webpack-loader==3.1.0
    # via edx-proctoring
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   eox-core
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.8.0
    # via eox-core
edx-ccx-keys==1.3.0
    # via openedx-events
edx-django-utils==5.14.2
    # via
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.3.0
    # via
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   eox-core
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.10.0
    # via
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   eox-core
    #   openedx-events
edx-proctoring==4.18.1
    # via eox-core
edx-rest-api-client==5.7.1
    # via edx-proctoring
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via event-tracking
edx-when==2.5.0
    # via edx-proctoring
eox-core==10.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
event-tracking==3.0.0
    # via edx-proctoring
fastavro==1.9.5
    # via openedx-events
fs==2.4.16
    # via xblock
idna==3.7
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via code-annotations
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via edx-proctoring
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.3.7
    # via celery
lxml==5.2.2
    # via xblock
mako==1.3.5
    # via xblock
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
newrelic==9.12.0
    # via edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openedx-events==9.11.0
    # via
    #   eox-core
    #   event-tracking
packaging==24.1
    # via drf-yasg
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via click-repl
psutil==6.0.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via edx-proctoring
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
pymongo==4.4.0
    # via
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   xblock
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via django-ipware
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   event-tracking
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   xblock
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
rules==3.4
    # via edx-proctoring
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via django-oauth2-provider
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via xblock
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   eox-core
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via eox-core
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   jwcrypto
tzdata==2024.1
    # via celery
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-yasg
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.2.0
    # via xblock
webob==1.8.7
    # via xblock
xblock==5.0.0
    # via edx-when

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
